mse version: 0.3.8
version: 2009-05-08
short name: New (unofficial)
position hint: 3
installer group: VS System/Symbol Fonts/New
icon: thunderbolts.png
# Unofficial symbol font for the new template

image font size: 135
horizontal space: 0
symbol:
	code: ->
	image: arrow.png
symbol:
	code: >>>
	image: arrow.png
symbol:
	code: •
	image: diamond.png
symbol:
	code: @
	image: diamond.png
symbol:
	code: <>
	image: diamond.png
symbol:
	code: Activate
	image: activate.png
symbol:
	code: AIM
	image: aim.png
symbol:
	code: Alpha Flight
	image: alphaflight.png
symbol:
	code: Anti-Matter
	image: anti-matter.png
	image font size: 150
symbol:
	code: Autobot
	image: autobots.png
symbol:
	code: Decepticon
	image: decepticons.png
symbol:
	code: Quintesson
	image: quintessons.png
symbol:
	code: Arkham Inmates
	image: arkhaminmates.png
symbol:
	code: Asgardians
	image: asgardians.png
symbol:
	code: Avengers
	image: avengers.png
symbol:
	code: Birds of Prey
	image: birdsofprey.png
symbol:
	code: Black Lantern
	image: blacklantern.png
	image font size: 90
symbol:
	code: Blue Lantern
	image: bluelantern.png
	image font size: 160
symbol:
	code: B.P.R.D.
	image: bprd.png
symbol:
	code: Brood
	image: brood.png
symbol:
	code: Brotherhood
	image: brotherhood.png
symbol:
	code: Captain America
	image: captainamerica.png
symbol:
	code: Crimelords
	image: crimelords.png
symbol:
	code: Defenders
	image: defenders.png
symbol:
	code: Doom
	image: doom.png
symbol:
	code: Emerald Enemies
	image: emeraldenemies.png
	image font size: 165
symbol:
	code: Excalibur
	image: excalibur.png
symbol:
	code: Fantastic Four
	image: f4.png
symbol:
	code: Femizons
	image: femizons.png
symbol:
	code: Gotham Knights
	image: gothamknights.png
symbol:
	code: Green Lantern
	image: greenlantern.png
symbol:
	code: The Hand
	image: hand.png
symbol:
	code: Hellfire Club
	image: hellfire.png
symbol:
	code: Heralds of Galactus
	image: heralds.png
symbol:
	code: Horsemen of Apocalypse
	image: apocalypse.png
symbol:
	code: Heroes for Hire
	image: heroesforhire.png
symbol:
	code: Hydra
	image: hydra.png
symbol:
	code: Indigo Lantern
	image: indigolantern.png
	image font size: 240
symbol:
	code: Inhumans
	image: inhumans.png
symbol:
	code: JLA
	image: jla.png
symbol:
	code: JLI
	image: jli.png
symbol:
	code: JSA
	image: jsa.png
symbol:
	code: Kree
	image: kree.png
symbol:
	code: League of Assassins
	image: assassin.png
symbol:
	code: Legionnaires
	image: legion.png
symbol:
	code: Marvel Knights
	image: marvelknights.png
symbol:
	code: Masters of Evil
	image: mastersofevil.png
symbol:
	code: Negative Zone
	image: negativezone.png
symbol:
	code: Newuniversal
	image: newuniversal.png
symbol:
	code: Outsiders
	image: outsiders.png
symbol:
	code: Omega Flight
	image: omegaflight.png
symbol:
	code: Orange Lantern
	image: orangelantern.png
	image font size: 260
symbol:
	code: New Warriors
	image: newwarriors.png
symbol:
	code: Project Spitfire
	image: projectspitfire.png
symbol:
	code: Red Lantern
	image: redlantern.png
	image font size: 320
symbol:
	code: Revenge Squad
	image: revengesquad.png
symbol:
	code: Secret Society
	image: secretsociety.png
symbol:
	code: Secret Six
	image: secretsix.png
symbol:
	code: Serpent Society
	image: serpentsociety.png
symbol:
	code: Shadowpact
	image: shadowpact.png
symbol:
	code: Shi'ar
	image: shiar.png
symbol:
	code: Shield
	image: shield.png
symbol:
	code: Sinister Syndicate
	image: sinistersyndicate.png
symbol:
	code: Skeleton Crew
	image: skeletoncrew.png
symbol:
	code: Skrull
	image: skrull.png
	image font size: 185
symbol:
	code: Speed Force
	image: speedforce.png
symbol:
	code: Spider-Friends
	image: spiderman.png
symbol:
	code: Starjammers
	image: starjammers.png
symbol:
	code: Star Sapphires
	image: starsapphires.png
	image font size: 230
symbol:
	code: Team Superman
	image: superman.png
symbol:
	code: The Order
	image: theorder.png
symbol:
	code: Thor
	image: thor.png
symbol:
	code: Thule Society
	image: thule.png
symbol:
	code: Thunderbolts
	image: thunderbolts.png
symbol:
	code: Teen Titans
	image: titans.png
symbol:
	code: The Ultimates
	image: ultimates.png
symbol:
	code: Underworld
	image: underworld.png
symbol:
	code: Warbound
	image: warbound.png
symbol:
	code: Weapon X
	image: weaponx.png
symbol:
	code: X-Factor
	image: xfactor.png
symbol:
	code: X-Force
	image: xforce.png
symbol:
	code: X-Men
	image: xmen.png
symbol:
	code: Megacity One
	image: megacityone.png
	image font size: 115
symbol:
	code: Cursed Earth
	image: cursedearth.png
	image font size: 95
symbol:
	code: Brit-Cit
	image: britcit.png
	image font size: 95
symbol:
	code: Dark Judges
	image: darkjudges.png
	image font size: 95
symbol:
	code: 0
	image: 0.png
symbol:
	code: 1
	image: 1.png
symbol:
	code: 2
	image: 2.png
symbol:
	code: 3
	image: 3.png
symbol:
	code: 4
	image: 4.png
symbol:
	code: 5
	image: 5.png
symbol:
	code: 6
	image: 6.png
symbol:
	code: 7
	image: 7.png
symbol:
	code: 8
	image: 8.png
symbol:
	code: 9
	image: 9.png
symbol:
	code: x
	image: x.png
symbol:
	code: Planet
	image: planet.png
##############################################################
# Insert-symbol menu
insert symbol menu:
	item: ->
	item: •
	item: Activate
	item: Planet
	item:
		name: numbers
		item: 0
		item: 1
		item: 2
		item: 3
		item: 4
		item: 5
		item: 6
		item: 7
		item: 8
		item: 9
		item: X
	item:
		name: Marvel Teams
		item: AIM
		item: Alpha Flight
		item: Asgardians
		item: Avengers
		item: Brood
		item: Brotherhood
		item: Captain America
		item: Crimelords
		item: Defenders
		item: Doom
		item: Excalibur
		item: Fantastic Four
		item: Femizons
		item: The Hand
		item: Hellfire Club
		item: Heralds of Galactus
		item: Heroes for Hire
		item: Horsemen of Apocalypse
		item: Hydra
		item: Inhumans
		item: Kree
		item: Marvel Knights
		item: Masters of Evil
		item: Negative Zone
		item: Newuniversal
		item: New Warriors
		item: Omega Flight
		item: The Order
		item: Project Spitfire
		item: Serpent Society
		item: Shi'ar
		item: Shield
		item: Skrull
		item: Sinister Syndicate
		item: Skeleton Crew
		item: Spider-Friends
		item: Starjammers
		item: Thor
		item: Thunderbolts
		item: The Ultimates
		item: Underworld
		item: Warbound
		item: Weapon X
		item: X-Factor
		item: X-Force
		item: X-Men
	item:
		name: DC Teams
		item: Anti-Matter
		item: Arkham Inmates
		item: Birds of Prey
		item: Black Lantern
		item: Blue Lantern
		item: Emerald Enemies
		item: Gotham Knights
		item: Green Lantern
		item: Indigo Lantern
		item: JLA
		item: JLI
		item: JSA
		item: League of Assassins
		item: Legionnaires
		item: Orange Lantern
		item: Outsiders
		item: Red Lantern
		item: Revenge Squad
		item: Secret Six
		item: Secret Society
		item: Shadowpact
		item: Speed Force
		item: Star Sapphires
		item: Team Superman
		item: Teen Titans
	item:
		name: Other Teams
		item: B.P.R.D.
		item: Thule Society
		item: Megacity One
		item: Brit-Cit
		item: Cursed Earth
		item: Dark Judges
		item: Autobot
		item: Decepticon
		item: Quintesson
